Hello everyone, I am a knight loquendo that today I present dom2 is a game
beautiful but very old worse than my grandmother
I used to play when I was 4 and I'm passionate about it today
ah I forgot that you can also play online for a dino program
mezzano this video is also a guide to discover some secrets like ad
example the chainsaw I collected in many others
I have to reach the end of the game to save my grandmother from the tall giant
ten meters shoots whore form I need to do 34 levels but in this video
do the first 5 which if by chance you want continuous until the end of the game in
this level I am at the brothel but since the authors knew how to do alone
zone b have decided to raise the whores look like they crack good in zombies
I almost feel like drinking their blood xddd
well we are almost at the end of the brothel even the garden well now
I call terminator 118 to see how far he is in the mission ready
terminator 118 you're there
yes they are there and I told you great
but look look even my whore has become a zombie lol
rare whore crack
done
I get some strange signals loquendo knight or just localized the zombie
in the sewer after you come and throw them down before it's too late ati we are
to send a fresh cool rocket launcher with two guys to use in case of
emergency
ok now I'm going to get it right away
I can't wait to slaughter them for good xddd here is finally the rocket launcher
luxury in the event of an escort I have messages for members who have me
asked to make the video for minecraft i will do it as soon as terminator 118 pulls me
a survival video udig redo of a server you don't care about them
that vice reasure mind I think the next video will be for gta san andreas
in simpleplayer this time because I think it will be more fun
well now we go to the foundations to slaughter that beautiful people
but look watch 3 zombies
one shot
one shot and another cat xdddd well now there are the balding ends arrive
mum
let's go ahead before your mother's whore gets there
whore that I aim for your big bitch xdddd sorry I escaped
in the mind to look like the tender one and smiley it commits itself for not
be slaughtered even if the game with time becomes increasingly difficult with
increasingly tough zombies
well now i call terminator 118 terminator 118 you're expecting me to be
finishing one thing
stulta
tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps tulps ah that
nice fuck
sorry I was fucking another putanda now I'm at the base because I finished i
blows and I without risk risk of collapsing xdddd anyway
I let the moxa dog take it
there is no signal
I put maybe there is
yes I got it and I'm having fun at the end of the world auci where everyone with a
camelot shot knows now I have to go because I have to finish killing others
zombie cracked zombies
tribune
madonna I'm even sweating blood xdddd
wait but what zone b should not come out of nowhere
oh well it does nothing so wasteful - xdddddd shots
I still have to take that damn blue key that is breaking boxes
I just noticed that I put the silencer in the dog and moze here
because I have not yet split the timpani xddd but look, there are a
lot of barrels full of explosive shit from the there are almost do not have to give up
finally the blue key I can now get out of these shitty sewers now
when I come back maybe when I go home after a long bath
I kill the last zombies